	
Dear All,
This mail is to inform you that the Finance department has made an arrangement with a service provider to help you in filing the income tax return.
 In order to avail this facility , please go through the below mentioned requirements and process :–
                                                                                                                                             
I. Documents required –
  In order to submit the return, you will be required to hand over the following documents to the service provider at the respective help desk center –
         a. Form 16 from all the employers.
         b. Investment documents and any other claim which are not considered in your Form 16 and need to be included in the return.
         c. Duly filled in ‘Declaration’. Soft Copy of the declaration is attached with this email. ( Personal Information Form)
         d. photocopy of PAN Card. ( It is required for verification when service provider files the return)
         The idea is to provide  all the required details to file the tax return.
 II. Process of filing the tax Return-
  Step 1 – Submission of documents :-
 Submission of declaration forms duly signed by the employee along with the supporting documents viz. Form No. 16, Form No. 16A, Interest certificates, Capital Gains workings etc.
  A fee of Rs.150/- will be charged for the employees with one Form No. 16 for the year.
 Fees of Rs.300/- will be charged to those employees who have two Form No.16.
 For the employees who have Income from the head Capital Gains or Income from Two House Properties (where Form ITR 2 is applicable) the fees would be decided upon considering the quantum of work.
 A receipt would be issued to each employee upon the payment of the aforementioned fees, which in turn will also help the employees in getting back to service  provider in case of any difficulty.
It is mandatory to file the tax returns for FY 2015-16 electronically for the  individuals having taxable income over Rs. 5 lakhs. In case of refund also it is mandatory to file tax returns electronically.

Step 2  - Calculation and payment of tax, if any :-
 After the declarations & supporting documents have been collected, the total income of the employee would be calculated & the employee will be intimated by mail ,in case of any additional tax liability. The service provider will assist you in calculation & payment of self-assessment tax liability.
 
Step 3 – Submission of the return :-
 Service provider will  submit the return with income tax department either by hand at Pune office or online or by post to the Bangalore office, as applicable.

Step 4-Acknowledgement Distribution and Collection of signed copy :-
Service provider will collect signed copy of acknowledgements of IT Return which are to be sent to Banglore office by post. If the IT Return is E-verified online then 
there is no need to send hardcopy to Banglore office by post.

 III. Location & Schedule  -

The location wise schedule is as follows :-
CT 1 & CT 2 @ Cafeteria – (21st, 22nd , 25th July 2016) - Time  4.30 pm to 8 pm
WA Cafeteria-(26th July 2016) - 6 pm to 9pm.

 IV. Details of service provider  -
Name  :  e-Arth Consultants. ( Financial and Tax Consultants )
Contact person  : Shailendra Pawar. – 9970400594 Office: 020- 24250178, 79
Email Id - tax@e-arthconsultants.com
Address  - Rama Pride, 1st Floor, S No. 118 A, Jaidev Nagar, opposite Sarita Nagari Phase 2, Azix Bank Lane, Off Sinhgad Road, Pune 411030
 
Disclaimer : This facility is made available for the benefit of employees and shall be availed by the employees at their sole discretion.
 


With Regards,
Finance Department 
Cybage Software Pvt. Ltd.

