What do dentists call their x-rays? Tooth pics!
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, it just waved.
Do you want to hear a construction joke? Sorry, I’m still working on it.
Did you hear about the fire at the circus? It was in tents!
Why do ducks have feathers? To cover their butt quacks!
What’s the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy and the other’s a little lighter.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
Why should you never trust stairs? They’re always up to something.
When does a joke become a ‘dad’ joke? When it becomes apparent.
Why did the bullet end up losing his job? He got fired.
What kind of shorts do clouds wear? Thunderpants
I entered ten puns in a contest to see which would win. No pun in ten did.
How do you measure a snake? In inches—they don’t have feet.
Where does a waitress with only one leg work? IHOP.
What does a house wear? Address!
Why are toilets always so good at poker? They always get a flush
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands. (I love this joke because it never grows old.)
You heard the rumor going around about butter? Never mind, I shouldn’t spread it.
The first rule of the Alzheimer’s club is… Wait, where are we again?
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
How does NASA organize a party? They planet.
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
You know, it was so cold in D.C. the other day, I saw a politician with his hands in his own pockets.
How many tickles does it take to get an octopus to laugh? Ten tickles
Why doesn’t Dracula have any friends? Well, honestly, he’s a real pain in the neck.
Why were they called the “dark ages?” Because there were a lot of knights.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
Why aren’t koalas considered bears? They don’t have the right koala-fications.
Want to hear a joke about a roof? The first one’s on the house.
What’s a pirate’s favorite letter? You probably think it’s “R” but it be the “C”.
How much teddy bears never want to eat anything? Because they’re always stuffed.
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie.
Where should you go in the room if you’re feeling cold? The corner—they’re usually 90 degrees.
What did the Buddhist ask the hot dog vendor? “Make me one with everything.”
You know why you never see elephants hiding up in trees? Because they’re really good at it.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Why the long face?”
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his pizza before it was cool.
As a scarecrow, people say I’m outstanding in my field. But hay, it’s in my jeans.
Why don’t blind people skydive? Because it scares their dogs.
What’s the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? The taste, mostly.
I stayed up all night and tried to figure out where the sun was. Then it dawned on me.
I told my friend ten jokes to make him laugh. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
Why did the cowboy get a wiener dog? He wanted to get a long little doggie.
What did the duck say when it bought some lipstick? “Put it on my bill.”
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Hey!” The horse replies, “Sure.”
I tried to win a suntanning competition. But all I got was bronze.
How much space will be freed in the EU after Brexit? Approximately 1 GB.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels.
What do you call malware on a Kindle? A bookworm.
Did you hear about the painter who was hospitalized? The doctors say it was due to too many strokes.
Why are crabs so bad at sharing? Because they’re all shellfish.
What did the tie say to the hat? You go on ahead. I’ll hang around.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it.
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef jerky.
I started a new job as a tailor last week. It’s been sew-sew.
What concert only costs 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickleback.
What kind of shoes does a spy wear? Sneakers.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Someone stole my mood ring yesterday. I still don’t know how I feel about that.
A Roman legionnaire walks into a bar, holds up two fingers and says, “Five beers, please.”
I tried to catch fog yesterday. Mist.
Working in a mirror factory is something I can totally see myself doing.
Someone stole my Microsoft Office and they’re gonna pay. You have my Word.
What do you call a dog with no legs? It doesn’t matter, it’s not going to come anyway.
You know what they say about cliffhangers…
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors, it would be a chicken sedan.
A sandwich walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”
I got a new job last week as the new top dog at Old MacDonald’s farm. I’m the new C-I-E-I-O.
Why did the giraffe get such bad grades? He always had his head stuck in the clouds.
Why are frogs always so happy? They eat whatever bugs them.
Why didn’t the skeleton go to the dance? Because he had no body to go with.
What do you call a musician with problems? A trebled man.
Where do snowmen keep their savings? In the snowbank.
What do you call a religious person who sleepwalks? A roamin’ Catholic.
Did you hear about the carrot detective? He always got to the root of every case.
What washes up on very small beaches? Micro-waves
What did one elevator say to the other? I think I’m coming down with something.
What do you call a belt with a watch on it? A waist of time.
Why did the tomato turn red? It saw the salad dressing.
What did the grape do when it got stepped on? It let out a little wine.
Why won’t skeletons fight each other? They just don’t have the guts.