What was the last funny video you saw?
What do you do to get rid of stress?
What is something you are obsessed with?
What three words best describe you?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What’s your favorite number? Why?
What are you going to do this weekend?
What’s the most useful thing you own?
What’s your favorite way to waste time?
What do you think of tattoos? Do you have any?
Do you have any pets? What are their names?
Where did you go last weekend?
What did you do last weekend?
What is something popular now that annoys you?
What did you do on your last vacation?
When was the last time you worked incredibly hard?
Are you very active, or do you prefer to just relax in your free time?
What do you do when you hang out with your friends?
Who is your oldest friend? Where did you meet them?
What’s the best thing about your work?
What’s the best thing about your school?
What’s the worst thing about your work?
What’s the worst thing about your school?
If you had intro music, what song would it be? Why?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?
Have you ever saved an animal’s life? How about a person’s life?
If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?
Are you a very organized person?
Have you ever given a presentation in front of a large group of people? How did it go?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
What is a controversial opinion you have?
Who in your life brings you the most joy?
Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?
What is the most annoying habit someone can have?
Where is the most beautiful place you have been?
Where do you spend most of your free time/day?
Who was your best friend in elementary school?
How often do you stay up past 3 a.m.?
What’s your favorite season? Why?
Which is more important, having a great car or a great house? Why?
What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?
Where is the most beautiful place near where you live?
What do you bring with you everywhere you go?
How much time do you spend on the internet? What do you usually do?
What is the most disgusting habit some people have?
Where and when was the most amazing sunset you have ever seen?
Which recent news story is the most interesting?
Where is the worst place you have been stuck for a long time?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?
What is something that really annoys you but doesn’t bother most people?
What word or saying from the past do you think should come back?
How should success be measured? And by that measurement, who is the most successful person you know?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Was there ever an event in your life that defied explanation?
If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?
Has anyone ever saved your life?
What benefit do you bring to the group when you hang out with friends?
How often do you curse? And what’s your go-to string of curse words?
What trends did you follow when you were younger?
What do you fear is hiding in the dark?
What was the best period of your life so far? What do you think will be the best period of your entire life?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
What is the silliest fear you have?
What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?
What is the best room in your house? Why?
Who is someone popular now that you really like? Why do you like them so much?
Where is the best place to take a date?
What smell brings back great memories?
What’s the best pet name you can come up with for a specific type of pet?
How often do you help others? Who do you help? How do you help?
What are you best at?
What makes you nervous?
Who is the funniest person you’ve met?
What weird or useless talent do you have?
What are some strange beliefs that some people have?
Who would be the worst person to be stuck in an elevator with? How about the best person to be stuck in an elevator with?
What was the best birthday wish or gift you’ve ever received?
What’s the best sitcom past or present?
What’s the best show currently on TV?
What will be the future of TV shows?
How often do you binge watch shows?
What cartoons did you watch as a child?
What’s the funniest TV series you have seen?
Which TV show do you want your life to be like?
How have TV shows changed over the years?
If you could bring back one TV show that was canceled, which one would you bring back?
What do you think about game shows? Do you have a favorite one?
What’s the most underrated or overrated TV show?
What do you think about reality TV? Why do you think it’s so popular?
Do you like reality TV shows? Why or why not? If so, which ones?
What is the most overrated movie?
What’s your favorite genre of movie?
Which do you prefer? Books or movies?
What movie scene choked you up the most?
Do you like documentaries? Why / why not?
What’s the worst movie you have seen recently?
What’s the strangest movie you have ever seen?
Do you like horror movies? Why or why not?
When was the last time you went to a movie theater?
What was the last movie you watched? How was it?
Do movies have the same power as books to change the world?
Do you prefer to watch movies in the theater or in the comfort of your own home?
What was the last book you read?
What was your favorite book as a child?
Do you always have to have the latest phone?
Do you experience phantom vibration? (Feeling your phone vibrate even though it didn’t.)
What sports do you like to watch?
What is the hardest sport to excel at?
Who are the 3 greatest athletes of all time?
What restaurant do you eat at most?
What’s the worst fast food restaurant?
What is the most disgusting thing you have heard happened at a restaurant?
What is the longest plane trip you have taken?
What’s the best way to travel? (Plane, car, train, etc.)
Where is the most relaxing place you have been?
Do you prefer to go off the beaten path when you travel?
What’s the best thing about traveling? How about the worst thing?
What is the worst hotel you have stayed at? How about the best hotel?
How do you think traveling to a lot of different countries changes a person?
Talk about some of the interesting people you have met while traveling.
Where do you get your recommendations for what to do and where to stay when you travel?
What was the best invention of the last 50 years?
Does technology simplify life or make it more complicated?
What technology from a science fiction movie would you most like to have?
What problems will technology solve in the next 5 years? What problems will it create?
What piece of technology would look like magic or a miracle to people in medieval Europe?
Can you think of any technology that has only made the world worse? How about a piece of technology that has only made the world better?
What is your favorite shirt?
Does fashion help society in any way?